the midfielder crossed yellow in the cut
sydney o sa paulo ii first time
caricature of danger had everything to do the
first goal and touched in depth
just with the moment of São Paulo is
she looked up, she rose, she turned.
I love you and I love you.
button
in speed at disposal left
martorelli the product of the Chilean goalkeeper
and puts the rudder yellow night not
had another condition
batoré in anticipation of the eca was yesterday
o do são paulo observes the passage of the zé
Theodore released for half a thousand
appearing normal play hit and
o são paulo eis a 0 são paulo at age 33 and
30 already in the attack the São Paulo we see
still china can hit happens the 3rd v
heitor and são paulo on a fast ball .
São Paulo's attack is going to take if he
crossed São Paulo eyes can happen
fourth goal let's see which with the help of
Silas and now and hit
what am paulo
he did everything right at 18:30 and dominated the
ball and waited for the goalkeeper to leave the
Silas, what a tranquility and the party.
for the fans of são paulo
the play with bald is sao paulo
winning bald attention was observed and
will not even nod off killed anybody
at the bald spot
sidnei a header from the top down
making the fifth goal of São Paulo still
He bald passed on Veniss got the ball.
midway
tried to slap his head in front of the area
The presence of the small
nelsinho the contract in effort
at the intersection and speed at the
will of barbosa
nelsinho had no alternative to
avoid the cut and ended scoring goal
against the 38th and 30th complementary period
And now there are five palm trees.